The king said
Let him go, I will be arrested by the emperor's order
The murder case of today's filial piety begins, and the brave will be graceful
Dare to stop
Let go of me
Go with you.
Wan Yue, we can't both fold here
Only you can save me if you go out
This is the prescription I wrote
You remember to make everyone take it
The prince's summer vacation has just been stopped by the forbidden army
We Attack
Yes
Jiang Huayu
Someone told me that you are the mastermind of the Beijing Suburban Medical Case
What do you have to say about that?
Report to the emperor
The minister's daughter never poisoned
Someone framed the minister and daughter, right?
Then why did the so-called disease become a virus again?
Or the mercury poison that only you can solve